No hurry, Mr. Zhou
The grass people have one more thing to ask for
Lord Wang Zhou allows
What a mess
I don't think you know anything at all
Just messing around here
The lord punished the man severely
You said Caomin wanted to re-examine the autopsy
What!
No adults
My father and brother have passed away
Should have been buried
Now teach others to see before they get it
As a member of the Zhang family, I absolutely disagree
Master Yan was originally there to solve the case
If it exists under Zhang Da's human rights
Would surely agree
You fart, I see you want to take the opportunity to destroy the corpse
wait for revenge
Adults must make decisions for villains, right?
It's important for Gao Lang to find out the truth
If Qin Feng can't find out
This officer will convict him
As for this moment
Come
The corpses of Zhang Ji and his son
You can't bring it back.
adults adults
Both bodies of the deceased are here
You can check it directly.
Thank you sir
Sure enough
My lord Caomin just checked the throats of two corpses
No smoke was found in the throats of the two bodies
No smoke
So what?
My lord, if the deceased died in the fire
Must have cried out for help before the fire
This results in a large amount of smoke entering the throat.